You can change career fields after a while, either in the military because
you've been doing your job for a while and you can choose your
next command that you go to or you can try to do a job that just requires
your pay grade but doesn't require a specific job. Like, for instance,
Electrician's Mate, I am an E7, so I can do an E7 job, a Chief
job that doesn't require Electrician's Mate itself but those are
few and far in between. So, once you get out of the military, if that's
the choice that you choose to make, then I think that the skills
that they provide you, for instance, math and science and taking orders,
those can be applied anywhere. So, as long as I'm in a technical
field, I think as an Electrician's Mate, I can do anything from
working on aircraft carriers to working in the academic field. Right
now, I'm a computer science major and I'm still using some of the Electrician's
Mate things that I learned. So, your opportunities to expand
your career greatly widen after you get out of military.